# Assignment_Debugging
Debugging Assignment for Hotel Management
This branch is maintained by Bikram Shrestha
						     11645312
Under Folder Documentation, all the documentation for the assignment are stored.
Under Folder test, all the integration and unit test conducted are stored.

#Documentation/

__REPLICATION__
UAT Test Script Bug 1.docx => Contain UAT test to replicate bug that lead to charges being zero during checkout.
UAT Test Script Bug 2.docx => COntain UAT test to replicate bug that allow user to add service to already checked out room.
__SIMPLIFICATION__
Simplification Bug Zero Charge.docx => It contain a report that was generated after autogenerated test was carried out.
Simplification Bug Charge Checked Room.docx => It contain a report that was generated after autogenerated test was carried out.

__TRACING__
TracingBug1.docx => It contain the steps that was carried out to trace the source of bug that lead to the service charge being zero.
TracingBug2.docx => It contain the steps that was carried out to trace the source of bug that allow the user to add service to already checked out room/booking.

__RESOLUTION__
Resolution Bug Zero Charge Screenshots.docx => This document contain the output of automated test that was carried out to test that the bug does not exist.
UAT Test Script Bug 1 Resolution.docx => This document contain the UAT test that was carried out to test that the bug leading the service charge being zero has been resolved.
Resolution Bug Charge Checked Room.docx => This document contain the output of automated test that was carried out to test that the bug does not exist.
UAT Test Script Bug 2 Resolution.docx => This document contain the UAT test that was performed to test that the bug that allow user to add service charge to already checked out room has been removed.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________
Test were created under test folder to perform various test depending on the stage of debugging.
#test/

__SIMPLIFICATION__
BugZeroCharge.java
BugChargeCheckedRoom.java

__TRACING__
##Bug Zero Charge on Check Out
CheckoutCTLTest.java
RecordServiceCTLTest.java
HotelTest.java
BookingTest.java

##Bug Charge Checked out Room
CheckoutCTLBug2Test.java
HotelBug2Test.java


__RESOLUTION__
ResolutionChargeCheckedRoom.java
ResolutionBugZeroCharge.java
________________________________________________________________________

Bug was found on Hotel and Booking class and was edited in respective file.